Dad, why are you here?
You still know how to call me dad
And look what it does.
Since you retired
My Tang family is struggling
And you are for such a man
Offend the god of war
He was demoted to a soldier
My Tang family has also become a family of tree people
How do you let my Tang family stand in the future?
Dad, the trouble I caused will be solved by myself
How do you solve it?
Yan applauds my Tang family for generations of meritorious deeds
Can't you just give up with a word?
Today's ivy feast
It was canonized for me as the King of Beijing
And your daughter
Have been maintaining a waste pretending to be the Qing army
Compare with me and Baifu
Why can't I dismiss your Tang family in the name of Tianlong?
Is there no room for return?
It's not impossible to hurt
Now let Tang Ying
Kneel down and admit your mistake
I'd like to take a look at this so-called Mulan title
How to handle the ups and downs
In the next life, I will be God of War, sorry.
It depends on Xue Liang
You take the high-speed rail opponent and let our Tang family mother go
Apologize to me.
With me here, the Tang family will be fine
It's you boy
It made us tied up like this
Stop talking nonsense here
Tang Xuelian
You have to cut ties with this trash now
When I do this now
Waiting for the crowd to kill him
Resolve now
You can't do it.
Are you so angry that I am willing?
Hmph, Tang will become an enemy
Same as the Ares family
Advance and retreat together
peer-to-peer
Now? Yeah.
Same as the goddess of war
The God of War climbed the Qing army and ascended to the sky in one step
Was canonized as the king of heaven
And what about this Tang Ying God of War?
Just for this trash
The grappling has actually become a gate watcher, hahahaha.
Everyone has a life
For Qin Feng, a man full of nonsense
Give up power
Give up staring
It's self-inflicted nonsense
Qin Hao, didn't you call such a beautiful king?
Why hasn't it arrived yet?
Hurry up
Please remember that I will die in less than three minutes